[Music]
before we get started we have a word
from our sponsor vincero watches
you want to make sure you got a
well-dressed wrist and nobody but
ventura watches has the right style and
perseverance to fit your budget
what you think they're just 22 000 five
star reviews for no reason
plus free shipping 30 day returns and
your watch
it has a two year guarantee come on now
there are over eight collections for men
uh actually there are four new
collections too
the automatic movement watch collection
called the icon
that rugged explorer watch collection
called the outrider
the sleek race watch collection called
the apex and the smaller style for the
chrono s
me chrono s collection rose gold one of
my favorite designs
fits well on me and everything i think
it's perfect wait
i didn't mention today is the start of
the biggest sale
in vincero watches history for the 6th
anniversary
everything on ventura watches is 30
off all you have to do is click right on
that link in the description
and check out you don't even need a code
just click the link
again click on the link in the
description look at
any of these awesome products whether
it's watches
sunglasses anything check out if you
want something
and 30 off boom bam pow let's clap it up
for ventura watches for sponsoring
today's video they're really helping us
out
but anywho i know y'all been waiting for
this
the pokey tapes one of the classic
disturbing films i heard about
finally got a hold of it and it's like
one big ass forensic fouls episode
well actually this film is a documentary
about a
serial killer who left maybe hundreds of
vhs tapes showcasing his wickedness
like forensic fouls or unsolved
mysteries she got input from the fbi
and other detectives detailing how ahead
of the curve this killer is
people related to the victims still live
in a forever nightmare as this butcher
starts killing everyone
here we go this found footage film isn't
as gnarly as
august underground or anything similar
but it's more about the effects that a
killer has on everybody involved
and taking him down that can be worse
than some gore
in any cases this film is very
reflective of real life
and the pain people go through when
losing a loved one to a killer
so we will be entirely respectful if you
want to see what happens
including all the messed up parts stay
tuned for the breakdown cue to gohan
[Music]
a funeral is in progress an unwelcomed
visitor recording it all go down
too this is intercut with random footage
of a girl named cheryl dempsey
she is the one having the funeral after
all but she still
can't rest because the killer takes her
body out of her grave later at night
next title screen above an abyss of
possible graves ever seen forensic files
a lot of bodies discovered in random
parts of the woods on that show
kinda reminds me of those cannibal
movies too
part one the tape alice here introduces
the house where the poukeepsee tapes was
found
many fbi agents talk in the documentary
they had no idea what they were in for
with this sick
cycle running around this guy here he
had to watch
every single one of the tapes he still
has nightmares about him too
and his wife accidentally saw a tape
once apparently
she was so traumatized that she didn't
let him touch her for an entire year
bodies were found hidden in the backyard
mostly women
and in one instance a baby now look at
all these tapes
that's that's just the start from here
all the way down to here are explicitly
about the victim
mentioned in the beginning named cheryl
here is our first tape
the killer making some women blow up a
balloon
and bounce on it until it pops he'll pop
it
what perfect
that was just the beginning part two
first blood an fbi profiler is talking
to some new recruits about the stakes of
the job
you'll encounter some very evil people
out there
he shows them one of the first poukeepsy
tapes
the killer he calls himself ed so i'll
call him that
ed stalks a little girl just sitting in
her front yard
she's smart enough to be wary of
strangers no matter what
but she still doesn't sense the
wickedness in him and gets
knocked unconscious dragged back into
his car
all the way to some sad fate she was
found
raped and murdered somewhere in the
woods the parents
call the police and the robotic operator
says you have to wait
24 hours before you can report a missing
person
that's not true at all and even if it
was true i doubt it would apply to
children
that was just one of the first tapes
that the fbi profiler says
was just an appetizer the next tape
shows ed
catching a ride from some nice people
who let him in
he lies about his camera saying he's
recording his journey
after ignoring all of their questions he
literally hits the driver over the head
and gets ready for the crash he then
uses chemicals to knock out the lady
quickly
see this seems random but it's all
planned
playing from the literal route he make
the victims go down
to the way he held the camera when he
knocked out the lady
he made sure there were no witnesses
it's like he discovered he had a knack
for this sort of thing
the next tape shows him waiting for his
victim to awaken
zooming out shows he surgically
implanted her husband's head
in her torso she died like that
and was discovered like that and get
this
the killer showed the police where the
body would be
before he even met the victims well
that's not too special i guess it just
means he planned ahead
but the way he told the police where the
bodies would be
is using hand signs that would be
recorded randomly
by gas station cameras it all refers to
a red house
where the body was discovered first
thing you notice
is that whenever the investigators talk
about the killers
they refer to him being on a completely
different level than what they are used
to
a killer who doesn't slip who has
everything planned out
almost like the joker one victim he
beheaded
and put her body parts in two different
counties knowing
full and well that it would take time
for each separate part to be discovered
part 4 cheryl dempsey it seems extremely
likely
that the killer shows cheryl as his
prolonged victim
completely out of random she just caught
his eye out of the many young people he
was watching
he even seems to tap her phones to learn
much about her
one night he actually sneaks in the
kidnapper
kind of reminds you of the opening scene
of halloween a little
not just the camera but her boyfriend
comes out of nowhere as he roams around
the killer is pretty skilled at hiding
quickly he sets
his camera down and hides for hours as
the couple watches movies
he's splinter cell 3 chaos theory sneaky
like
right next to them soon he beats the
boyfriend over the head
chases after cheryl and just goes
malicious over her head too
he takes her into his car and then
murders the boyfriend
gruesomely off screen according to the
interviews the boyfriend had been cut
from
anus to chest and had his intestines
pulled out and stuck around the house's
decorations
shiro had been put in this unnatural
position
forced to be beaten and submit to this
vicious killer
meanwhile everyone looks for her like
you would expect
and her mother goes on tv to plead for
her safe return
the killer videotape in hand goes to
cheryl's mother saying he'll do whatever
he can to help
before she starts realizing that he's
smiling
she realizes he was the killer and he
runs away
he does very risky things i'll talk
about that later though
overall cheryl becomes his main victim
where he mostly damages her
psychologically but the diabolical
killer has a new plan in part 5
a new mo he starts pretending to be a
police officer
and killing prostitutes even henry
started changing his mo
to avoid police we will soon learn that
this isn't because he just wants to kill
prostitutes these prostitutes end up
murdered in a similar manner to black
dahlia
and some are the subject to necrophilia
ted bundy even appears in the movie
talking to an fbi investigator
about whether or not a killer has sex
before
or after death if after death like the
killer in this movie
then it's probably because decomposition
gets them off
next tape somebody is knocking at the
killer's door
oh no girl scouts he invites them in
under the guise of a police officer you
would trust a police officer
more than just anybody right don't worry
he doesn't kill them
even though he gets very close to one of
his victims downstairs causes them to
leave
plus he's acting weird as soon as they
leave we see he was sitting on cheryl
all along
now at one point the police find
fingerprints at a victim's apartment
and they belong to a jim foley he's a
police officer with no alibi for the
murders
and often rode around in an unmarked
police car to play with prostitutes
they also find matching semen on various
victims belonging to him
so it would definitely seem that he is
the killer
no matter what he always says he is
innocent
but he is pronounced guilty and put to
death just
being on death row seems nightmarishly
scary
and jim foley accepts his death without
any last statements or
anything this all took place september
2001.
part six missed one jim foley's police
partner gets a map in this mail pointing
to
one missing body that wasn't discovered
in other words
the real killer was in fact not jim
foley at all
it seems like all a coincidence that
foley was arrested but apparently it's
not
it seems foley's sperm was taken from
some sperm bank
and planted on the victims i don't know
how the killer knew about foley
in the first place or his suspicious
behavior at all but
whatever i wonder how he even got inside
the sperm bank without any
identification popping up
jim foley is declared innocent three
days
after his execution one day after 9 11
happens
due to 9 11 basically being the top
thing in the news
nobody notices the gem foley innocence
this was apparently the killer's plan to
get the focus off him
yet still be able to kill at the same
time by creating a prostitute killer
persona
that jim foley took to fall for him
sending the map to his partner was
taunting
okay part 7 found so
the map was able to be reverse
engineered to the killer's home
yeah they tracked his home down but he
wanted them to find the house
there wasn't a single fingerprint in the
house at all
cheryl was discovered in a crate and she
was tortured similar to
junkofruta except she got out alive
burned teeth pulled out injuries too
horrible for the doctor to even mention
since she was kidnapped and tortured for
years she adapted to a point in which
she cannot function without pain
so she starts harming herself even
though she's home
and she's developed stockholm syndrome
she gets an interview in this
documentary but whenever they ask her a
question
she always asks what do you want me to
say
can't really think for herself anymore
and now
thinks that the killer loved her and
he'll return to get her
two weeks later she kills herself she
declares
undying love for her master and her
suicide note
and then you have her body stolen by the
killer
and guess what the police never caught
the killer or know who he is
i'll talk about that much later but
that's pretty much the poughkeepsie
tapes
oh yeah there's a little bonus scene
after the credits this victim can live
if she doesn't blink
her agony increases as she realizes her
eyelids are getting ready to drop
and that's it a very interesting
mockumentary film
showing just how sick and depraved
anybody could be
at the killer could literally be any of
the guys in my old programming
classes he could be a teacher he
probably could be this dude who said
i had to watch all the tapes if the
killer
could literally be anybody he showed you
you could be depraved and ahead of the
police at the same time
now let's talk about the most disturbed
moment and most enjoy moment and that's
spooky stuff cue the gohan
[Music]
so my only one that thinks it's just a
little weird that the police still
haven't caught the killer
i mean they don't even know his name
meanwhile on forensic files
you got detectives finding serial
killers through leftover dna and dog
poop
and these detectives in this film look
like the only thing they can do is
collect body parts
this lady apparently was the owner of
the property the killer lived in
he was a tenant and she didn't have any
information on him
his name phone the polish sketch made by
cheryl's mother didn't seem to help
either
how did he organize a sperm heist to
steal jim foley's sperm
did he sneak in like splinter cell the
police couldn't find any logistical
patterns and the dumping of the
prostitute bodies
nobody saw him digging graves no
witnesses at any point
well a legend is pretty scary i guess
most this third moment is honestly
cheryl's tapes
yeah there were some gore here and there
but the main pain
is how the killer's actions affect
everyone
from cheryl to her mother to the poor
saps that have to watch the tapes
most enjoy moment is clearly how over
the top the killer was portrayed
damn near joker level plans just to kill
people and not be seen
if we just saw the tapes though i
wouldn't have thought so
i don't know i guess he wasn't as creepy
as the interviews kept saying
and that's it for keepsake tapes
probably been asking for this video
since i started
if you enjoyed this video maybe you
could click like button and subscribe
for more videos like this
since it's that mockumentary style
you'll probably enjoy cannibal holocaust
too
or you could get real found footage like
august underground
probably one of the most messed up found
footage films out there
anyway thanks for watching thanks for
ventura watches for sponsoring the video
and spooky out